Be social article update (#17296)
github/docs: data/reusables/getting-started/set-up-git.md

> For more information on how to synchronize your GitHub projects with your computer, see “[Set up Git](/get-started/quickstart/set-up-git).”

Reviewer: Similarly, I'd recommend rephrasing this maybe:

```suggestion
Synchronizing {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} repositories with your computer, allows you to work locally and push your changes to {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}. For more information, see “[Set up Git](/get-started/quickstart/set-up-git).”
```
